you are preparing for the exam
Admission of the University of Antioquia
we are sure that you do all the
efforts so that your preparation is the
best
keep in mind that only 13 percent
of the aspirants manage to enter the
University of Antioquia
the entrance exam to the idea measures the
attitudinal competencies of
aspirants in the areas of reasoning
logical and reading comprehension formulating
a total of 80 questions that should be
resolved in a maximum time of 3 hours
if the exam was today what score
you would get no matter if you're already
preparing the admission exam
studying alone or with the help of a
preuniversitario do not wait more for
solve this big question tasks plus
offering the simulation exam of
admission antioquia university
the simulation exam of admission idea is
composed of two evaluations or drills
the simulation of logical reasoning and the
simulation of reading comprehension
Each simulation consists of 40 questions from
multiple choice single answer one
90-minute time limit for
solve the test the possibility of
do the drill up to twice and one
video feedback of the
questions that do not answer correctly
Test yourself with the mock exam
of admission antioquia university
this 100% virtual simulation was designed
and produced by teams
teachers who contributed their
creativity knowledge and knowledge
getting a high test
standard where
You will conduct a simulation of the
logical reasoning and a simulation of
reading comprehension exam every
simulacrum offers feedback on
video of the questions that you do not answer
correctly and you have the possibility of
repeat each drill once more and in
definitively you have access to 80 videos of
Solved exercises and 80 questions
Qualifiable all in one platform
easy to use virtual